# August, 2022 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | August 25, 2022 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Noa Tamir, Melissa Mendon√ßa, Arlis Collins, Tania Allard, Ana Ruvalcaba, Leah Silen, Rachel Malbin, Mark Mikofski, Mariana, Meireles, Tereza Iofciu |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa  |
| üìù - Secretary | Mark Mikofski  |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Zoom/Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on August 25, 2022. Melissa Mendon√ßa chaired and Mark Mikofski took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

[Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wimzH0SWvr--OrYlaHCq1bS7pG67RGOjxmK497XD70E)

## Discussions

### DISC Unconference follow-up

- there's a [planning kickstart](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t-00Q27QGK_8KxgniQT_iX66YAqf8o3dx9zj2jCz0qs/edit) working document
- Arliss followed up with Moore Foundation to ask if location can be in Global South, but no response from them at this time
- timing for unconference discussed
    - need at least 3-mos to announce
    - Feb-2023 may be high season in Global South
    - April-2022 is Easter, holiday season in Global South
    - March-2023 proposed
- total budget $65k USD
- hybrid remote part and in person parts need help/conversation

### NF internship for Global South

- [Numon proposal application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gz8uGNveMYkTQsXozMPmqdVsvqxmJ5DE8HseJi885UI/edit) submitted, will know in September if made shortlist
- 900 other applicants

### Alternate internship proposal

- Noa updated Adrin's proposal with CoC and harassment protection
- discussion about merits & challenges with in-person vs. remote
- Leah discussed feedback heard from projects how difficult to move contributors to maintainers, had heard in-person more effective
- Rachel explained had success with remote teams with intentional aspects to make it social, capstone with funding for travel
- Mariana agreed with Leah, opportunities to travel from Global South to other locations is important
- Tania discussed time commitment is significant, remote is more flexible, proposed travel at next NF summit, maybe better than PyData, b/c more focused, more maintainers
- Noa raised the issue of NF ability to do both proposals now, maybe wait to hear from Numon, then pivot to Adrin's proposal
- Leah suggested shifting discussion to funding Adrin's proposal
- Tania stressed importance of check-ins, metrics, ways to measure impact regardless of how funded, are the outcomes matching expectations, what are the signals for this proposal?
- Tereza asked about selection process
- Melissa summarized:
    1. give priority to women in Global South Numon proposal
    2. re: Adrin's proposal give feedback, but not our priority
- Mariana and Melissa discussed alternative internship programs like Outreachy & Data Umbrella, their benefits & limitations: too short, less control

### CoC follow-up

- postpone discussion
- Arliss & Leah gave updates: no progress, really need to get this going, form a WG
- DISC didn't sign up to be the CoC committee
- check out [ottertech](https://otter.technology/code-of-conduct-training/) for CoC training
- CoC actions:
    1. form an CoC enforcement committee with training
    2. revise/update existing CoC
- Tania proposed these actions could be accomplished by just one group

### Project DEI Coordinator JD
- please share [job description](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zQUs-d5hwc-63Hl3rPlAsE13x8mvGG30/view) with potential candidates
- only sharing internally now, word of mouth, not publicly announced

## Minutes of past meetings

Minutes from prior meeting July 28, 2022:

RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/blob/main/committee/public-meeting-minutes/2022-07-28-monthly-meeting.md as representing a true and accurate record of the July 28, 2022 meeting.

Approved, 6-0-2

## Committee reports for August

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* [Community] - Ongoing maintenance of NUMFOCUS sponsored and affiliate projects

### Tania Allard 
* [Community] - Ongoing maintenance of NUMFOCUS sponsored and affiliate projects
* [DISC] -  DISCOVER cookbook meeting

### Tereza Iofciu
* no update

### Ana Ruvalcaba
* no update

### Noa Tamir
* [Community] - Ongoing contribution to NUMFOCUS sponsored projects
* [DISC] - Organization of the DISCOVER Cookbook meeting, Discussing the scholarship proposal with Adrin, review scholarship proposal from Mariana

### Rachel Malbin
* no update

### Mark Mikofski
* no update

### Mariana Meireles
* no update

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no update

### Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
* Hoping to find a time next week (week of Aug 29) or after Sep 6th to start talking about Unconference.  NF Project Summit has been taking priority over past weeks.  Response time from Moore has been a bit slow but understandable based on time of year.  May be if we can write a draft proposal while we wait this would be useful and allow Moore to respond to our suggestions.


Meeting adjourned at 19:02 UTC
