# July, 2022 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| ğŸ“… - Date | July 28, 2022 |
| ğŸ™‹ğŸ½â€â™€ï¸ - Attendees | Noa Tamir, Mark Mikofski, Katrina Riehl, Melissa MendonÃ§a, Mariana Meireles, Leah Silen  |
| ğŸ’¬ - Chair in-session | Melissa MendonÃ§a |
| ğŸ“ - Secretary | Mark Mikofski |
| âœ… - Minutes approval date | August 25, 2022  |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 2:00 UTC, on March 22, 2022. Tania Allard took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Yâ€šopposed-Nâ€šabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

[Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a1MzbtbEWu0rvZbrRTFUd3xXuFzD-cFOroqug5gzQWM/edit?usp=sharing)


## Discussions

# DISC Unconference
* Follow up RE: grant to as if we can change location to global south
* Leah reached out to Moore Foundation, they need update, but no further info now

# NumFOCUS internship for Global South (Mariana Meireles)
* Offline discussions with Leah and Melissa
* Applied to Numun Fund $100k grant specific to women in tech, similar to Outreachy
* would like to use NF infrastructure
* need help from team
* discussed collaborating with similar proposal from Adrin
    * discussed some differences: local/in-person vs. global/remote

# DISC cookbook updates (Noa Tamir)
* kicked off working group
* aligned on priorities:
    * update infrastructure
    * community
    * content
* working group of 4: Tania, Noa, Mark, Tereza
* as soon as new infrastructure setup, will start work on content

# any other business
* CoC (Katrina)
    * how to deal with NF CoC complaints
    * training for CoC
    * form a working group
    * discussion about if CoC subcommittee would be independent or part of DISC committee, NF board wants to have a say, question about if anyone could be on CoC committee
    * need more than one person to avoid COI

## Minutes of past meetings

Minutes from prior meeting June 30, 2022:

RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/blob/main/committee/public-meeting-minutes/2022-06-30-monthly-meeting.md as representing a true and accurate record of the June 30, 2022 meeting.

Approved, 4-0-1

## Committee reports for June

Meeting adjourned at 20:04 GMT (12:04PM Pacific Time)
