# June, 2022 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| ğŸ“… - Date | May 30, 2022 |
| ğŸ™‹ğŸ½â€â™€ï¸ - Attendees | Tania Allard, Mariana Meireles, Tereza Iofciu, Noa Tamir, Ana Ruvalcaba, Mark Mikofski, Melissa MendonÃ§a, Arliss, Katrina Riehl, Leah   |
| ğŸ’¬ - Chair in-session |   |
| ğŸ“ - Secretary |   |
| âœ… - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 2:00 UTC, on March 22, 2022. Tania Allard took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Yâ€šopposed-Nâ€šabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

* 

## Discussions



### CoC

* Katrina made a plea for DISC to help the formation of a CoC response committee
    * Currently CoC complaints are directed to Katrina and Leah.
    * What happens if a complaint is filed against Katrina? How would handle COI?
* Melissa, no quorum now.

    1. We can work on improving CoC. 
    2. we can form a CoC committee

* these are 2 separate things
* Tereza, agree, in PSF CoC group.
    * Group creation is difficult.
    * Should be volunteers.
    * Important to avoid COI, should be impartial
* Tania: can we use DISC budget to revamp NF CoC, provide training
* Discuss via email

### Meeting ajourned

## Minutes of past meetings

Minutes from prior meeting <full date>:

RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at <url> as representing a true and accurate record of the <full date> meeting.

Approved, x-x-x

## Committee reports for <time-period>

Meeting adjourned at <time>
