# July, 2023 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2023-07-27 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Arliss Collins, Tania Allard, Mariana Meireles, Ana Ruvalcaba, Gayle Ollington, Kamila Stepniowska, Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Tania Allard  |
| üìù - Secretary | Mark Mikofski  |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on July 27, 2023. Melissa Mendon√ßa took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
1. General Announcements
    * DISC Unconference dates are set (Sep 9-10), with the NumFOCUS Project Summit following that, in Amsterdam.
1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    * N/A
1. New Resolutions for discussion
1. Discussion Items
    * DISC unconference updates - arliss@numfocus.org - this will be most of the focus of this meeting, as we need to finalize invitations and figure out logistics urgently.
    * DISC cookbook updates - Noa Tamir or terezaif@gmail.com 

## Discussions

* DISC unconference
    * Final decisions on applicants
    * Reminder budget
    * Gayle will be running numbers as it seems we are right close to our budget 
    * Kamila has a document with a proposed message to applicants about the decision. Communications (email to applicants and survey) will be shared with the committee before EOD Friday, July 28
    * Pending is the decision on location.
    * Budget estimate will be updated with the final decision on attendees. Gayle to update committee on slack.


## Committee reports for July 2023

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* DISC Unconference organization committee
* Maintenance tasks and contributor experience work on NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib

### Tania Allard 
* DISC committee monthly meeting and slack conversations as needed 
* Maintenance tasks on JupyterHub and Jupyter related projects
* Community calls attendance: Jupyter, conda-forge
DISC unconference - organisation and discussions

### Tereza Iofciu
* PyConDE&PyDataBer - call for chairs.. Democratising the conference üòÄ
* PSF D&I work group: organising a open session call for the community (for January)

### Ana Ruvalcaba
*Project Jupyter: DEI Committee chair
*DISC Unconference organization committee - weekly meetings + collaboration with Kamila (new DEI Coordinator at NF)
*Code of Conduct survey for NF projects collaboration with COC Culture Labs + Astropy


### Noa Tamir
* Organizing pandas sprints: PyLadies Berlin
* January DISCOVER meeting and ongoing work on slack and github
* Community calls and organizing new contributor meetings pandas

### Rachel Malbin
* Two Sigma hosted an event to welcome speakers and volunteers for PyData NYC. About 45 people from PyData NYC attended, along with ~20 Two Sigma employees, including the 15  who attended the conference,  Matt Greenwood who is on the NumFOCUS advisory council & me

### Mark Mikofski
* Serving as committee secretary

### Mariana Meireles
* Spent some time doing research on the grant ecosystem for funding internships
* General upkeep of NumFOCUS software ecosystem (Jupyter Widgets)

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no updates

### Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
* The proposed dates are Sep 9-10 in Amsterdam.  Venue to be confirmed.
* This event will precede the NumFOCUS 2023 Project Summit, proposed for Sep 11-13 at a venue TBD in Amsterdam closely followed by PyData Amsterdam.

Meeting adjourned at 18:59 UTC.
