# May, 2023 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2023-05-25 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees |   |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa  |
| üìù - Secretary | Mark Mikofski  |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on May 25, 2023. Tania Allard took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
1. General Announcements
1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    * April (https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/20) 
1. New Resolutions for discussion
1. Discussion Items
    * DISC unconference updates - arliss@numfocus.org
    * DISC cookbook updates - Noa Tamir or terezaif@gmail.com 

## Discussions

* General announcements
    * Arliss: Unconference will happen on October 10-11, right before the NumFOCUS project summitüéâüöÄüåàü¶Ñüêß (we are planning for an unconference committee meeting next week) - propose Wed May 31st - 2pm ET
    * Mark: Unconference timing overlaps with holidays, might be a conflict for folks. High holy days are September 15-17 & 24-25, unconference should not overlap!

* Mariana: proposing a Jupyter internship/mentorship program with support from the NumFOCUS small development grant program. Connections with conference organizers in Europe would be helpful.
    * Arliss: NumFOCUS has accepted someone for the position of DEI coordinator, to work with the DISC committee, unconference, Moore grant-related work and other DEI-related matters. They will also be joining the DISC committee.

* Meeting time
    * Attendance record DISC  - TODO: add missing meetings (no quorum)
    * Per our charter we need at least one board member in our committee - need to discuss who we are counting as board member arliss@numfocus.org
    * Not having that board member present also opens a gap in our liaison with the board
    * From a community perspective a lot of people are concerned about CoC processes, enforcement processes, independent  CoC work/labour
    * Tensions between nobody wanting to do the work and bringing in folks outside the community - bottom line this impacts the strategic vision of NumFOCUS https://numfocus.org/community/mission as an organisation

* Voting process
    * Current charter doc - DISC Committee Charter_Draft_230427) 
    * Add proposal to Charter amendments proposal - 2023 - DRAFT by Jun 15, 2023
    * Share some examples
        * Melissa - scikit-learn
        * Arliss - APSC 
        * Tania - PSF
    * We aim to vote on this by the next DISC committee meeting so all members of the community need to read the draft proposal by June 22. The draft should be shared some time in the next two weeks.

## Minutes from previous meetings

RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/20 representing a true and accurate record of the  January 2023 meeting.

APPROVED 4-0-0

## Committee reports for May 2023

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* DISC Unconference organization committee
* Maintenance tasks and contributor experience work on NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib

### Tania Allard 
* DISC committee monthly meeting and slack conversations as needed 
* Maintenance tasks on JupyterHub and Jupyter related projects
* Community calls attendance: Jupyter, conda-forge
* DISC unconference - organisation and discussions

### Tereza Iofciu
* PyConDE&PyDataBer - call for chairs.. Democratising the conference üòÄ
* PSF D&I work group: organising a open session call for the community (for January)

### Ana Ruvalcaba
* Jupyter DEI Committee chair
* DISC Unconference organization committee - weekly meetings 
* Code of Conduct survey for NF projects collaboration with COC Culture Labs + Astropy

### Noa Tamir
* Organizing pandas sprints: PyLadies Berlin
* January DISCOVER meeting and ongoing work on slack and github
* Community calls and organizing new contributor meetings pandas

### Rachel Malbin
* Two Sigma hosted an event to welcome speakers and volunteers for PyData NYC. About 45 people from PyData NYC attended, along with ~20 Two Sigma employees, including the 15  who attended the conference,  Matt Greenwood who is on the NumFOCUS advisory council & me

### Mark Mikofski
* Serving as committee secretary

### Mariana Meireles
* Spent some time doing research on the grant ecosystem for funding internships
* General upkeep of NumFOCUS software ecosystem (Jupyter Widgets)

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no update

Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
Unconference dates and venue have been decided internally at NF.  Need to meet with Unconference committee to discuss.  The proposed dates are Oct 10-11 in Amsterdam at the Xebia (formerly Go Data Driven) offices,  Wibautstraat 202, 1091 GS Amsterdam.
This event will precede the NumFOCUS 2023 Project Summit, proposed for Oct 12 - 14 at a venue TBD in Amsterdam.


Meeting adjourned at 18:59 UTC.
