# November, 2023 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2023-11-16 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Arliss Collins, Tania Allard, Kamila Stepniowska, Mariana Meireles |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Tania Allard |
| üìù - Secretary | ---  |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via Zoom and Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on November 16, 2023. Tania Allard took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
1. General Announcements
1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    * RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/26 as representing a true and accurate record of the August 24, 2023 meeting.

    Approved, 3-0-2
    * RESOLVED, that the DISC committee approve the minutes at https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/27 as representing a true and accurate record of the September 28, 2023 meeting.

    Approved, 3-0-2
    * In October, there was no meeting.
1. New Resolutions for discussion
    * New secretary
    * Next election cycle: current commitee started in May of 2022.
1. Discussion Items
    * DISC cookbook updates - Noa Tamir or terezaif@gmail.com 
    * DISC Unconference
        * Repository and outputs
        * Survey results - included in the DISC report DISC Unconference 2023 Amsterdam_REPORT - TODO review by Dec 7, 2023
        * DISC report to be sent through the Newsletter
        * Kamila shared the blog post https://medium.com/@numfocus/disc-unconference-2023-designing-inclusivity-in-open-source-14019cbdb3cb 
    * We should discuss Kamila's role in the committee and other NumFOCUS staff positions as well as per our charter.
        * Can we amend the charter so that the NumFOCUS DEI lead gets an automatic seat in the committee - arliss@numfocus.org kamila@numfocus.org to make this amendment proposal and put it up for approval in December
    * Committee members stepping down
        * Stepping down: Ana 
        * Deadline to make a decision Dec 21, 2023 (Tereza, Tania, Mariana)
        * Staying on: Melissa is not stepping down
        * Board seat: there is an optional board seat (wait until the board transition is finished to check for interest)
    * DISC election cycle:
        * Announce nominations in January 2024 - Tania Allard to rework past timeline to adjust for this month
        * TODO: announce DISC election in the upcoming NumFOCUS newsletter - December (arliss@numfocus.org to confirm date)
        * Outreach: NumFOCUS newsletter, send to the projects directly, write a blog post (summary of DISC activities), social media, Slack, DISC unconference attendees - kamila@numfocus.org
        * TODO: need to review the plan and materials from past elections https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HLZQDbb8zRFngWrkTKhDFHRpLTx-ssfgXMvJsoN0Wms/edit	


## Discussions

* Election cycles
    * We need to revisit the process for election (2 years per our charter) (May 2024). 
    * We need to account for some overlap with exiting and new committee members. Our charter does not mention anything about overlap periods. Ideally need a couple of months of overlap.
    * Start from past timeline
    * To allow for the overlap we could do  elections starting January and get people onboarded in  March.  Announce in November and get folks thinking about it. 
    * Kamila has volunteered to help with comms üéâ (yay!)
    * We should also mention this at the unconference

## Committee reports for October-November 2023

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* Maintenance tasks and contributor experience work on NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib

### Tania Allard 
* No updates

### Tereza Iofciu
* No updates

### Ana Ruvalcaba
* Jupyter DEI Committee chair - this committee is considering continuing the work of the team who worked on  A mentoring guide for open projects. We‚Äôll connect with the team who worked on this at the Unconference as one of the onsite members is also a part of this committee (Lucy Jimenez)

### Noa Tamir
* No updates

### Rachel Malbin
* No updates

### Mariana Meireles
* Spent some time doing research on the grant ecosystem for funding internships
* General upkeep of NumFOCUS software ecosystem (Jupyter Kernels)
* Software maintenance and development in the NumFOCUS ecosystem

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no updates

### Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
* No updates

Meeting adjourned at 18:49 UTC.
