# September, 2023 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2023-09-28 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Arliss Collins, Leah Silen, Kamila Stepniowska, Tereza Iofciu |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa  |
| üìù - Secretary | ---  |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on September 28, 2023. Melissa Mendon√ßa took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
1. General Announcements
    * We should discuss Kamila's role in the committee and other NumFOCUS staff positions as well as per our charter.
1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    * N/A
1. New Resolutions for discussion
    * Next election cycle: current committee started in May of 2022
1. Discussion Items
    * DISC cookbook updates - Noa Tamir or terezaif@gmail.com 
    * DISC Unconference
         * Repository and outputs
         * Survey results

## Discussions

* DISC Unconference
    * Kamila has already a few responses from the survey, but we may have more in the near future. She will prepare a document with next steps and a report on the unconference.
    * Unconference virtual path: 4 projects initially, but the main output was one document on Strong DEI. There is also feedback and ideas for a future virtual version of the unconference.
    * Kamila mentions there is a path for finding funding for an unconference in 2024, either virtual, hybrid or in-person. She will work on it :tada:
    * Policy on merging changes to the Unconference repository
        * Do we need to get approvals from all members of a group for changes? If a PR lingers open for a while, can we merge? Do we assign people as maintainers to this repo?
        * Proposal: Every participant in the unconference gets commit rights to that repo, but we discourage self-merging. Each group can organize themselves on approval policies as well. Melissa will draft this for the Next Steps document that Kamila will send to all unconference participants.
* Election cycles
    * We need to revisit the process for election (2 years per our charter) (May 2024). 
    * We need to account for some overlap with exiting and new committee members. Our charter does not mention anything about overlap periods. Ideally need a couple of months of overlap.
    * Start from past timeline
    * To allow for the overlap we could do  elections starting January and get people onboarded in  March.  Announce in November and get folks thinking about it. 
    * Kamila has volunteered to help with comms üéâ (yay!)
    * We should also mention this at the unconference
    * Proposal: work on amendments to the charter and processes in person while at the unconference and summit 
        * NOTE: We did not get to this, but we can work on it now.

## Committee reports for September 2023

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* DISC Unconference organization committee
* Maintenance tasks and contributor experience work on NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib

### Tania Allard 
* No updates

### Tereza Iofciu
* No updates

### Ana Ruvalcaba
* No updates

### Noa Tamir
* No updates

### Rachel Malbin
* No updates

### Mariana Meireles
* No updates

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no updates

### Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
* No updates

Meeting adjourned at 18:49 UTC.
