# June, 2023 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2023-06-22 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Ana Ruvalcaba, Mariana Meireles, Arliss Collins, Leah Silen, Gayle Ollington |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | Mark Mikofski |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via phone and Internet Relay Chat/Slack beginning at 18:00 UTC, on June 22, 2023. Ana Ruvalcaba and Arliss Collins took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
1. General Announcements
    * DISC Unconference dates are set (Sep 9-10), with the NumFOCUS Project Summit following that, in Amsterdam.
    * NumFOCUS will have a new Projects DEI Coordinator starting July 5, 2023 - Kamila Stepniowska
    * BOF at SciPy for COC: desired outcomes or lead/moderator TBD
1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    * N/A
1. New Resolutions for discussion
1. Discussion Items
    * DISC unconference updates - arliss@numfocus.org
    * DISC cookbook updates - Noa Tamir or terezaif@gmail.com 

## Discussions

* Meeting time
    * Attendance record DISC  - TODO: add missing meetings (no quorum)
* Voting process
    * Current charter doc - [DISC Committee Charter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T3B7mRYA_2avXOdBm2GuKvKrHV40IVb3T5kjkdpLEvA/edit#heading=h.orjdqd4jy9gm)
    * Add proposal to Charter amendments proposal - 2023 - DRAFT by Jun 15, 2023
* Share some examples
    * Melissa - scikit-learn
    * Arliss - APSC 
    * Tania - PSF
    * We aim to vote on this by the next DISC committee meeting so all members of the community need to read the draft proposal by June 22. The draft should be shared some time in the next two weeks. (Melissa dropped the ball on this, sorry!) 

## Committee reports for June

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
* DISC Unconference organization committee
* Maintenance tasks and contributor experience work on NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib

### Tania Allard 
* DISC committee monthly meeting and slack conversations as needed 
* Maintenance tasks on JupyterHub and Jupyter related projects
* Community calls attendance: Jupyter, conda-forge
DISC unconference - organisation and discussions

### Tereza Iofciu
* PyConDE&PyDataBer - call for chairs.. Democratising the conference üòÄ
* PSF D&I work group: organising a open session call for the community (for January)

### Ana Ruvalcaba
* no updates

### Noa Tamir
* Organizing pandas sprints: PyLadies Berlin
* January DISCOVER meeting and ongoing work on slack and github
* Community calls and organizing new contributor meetings pandas

### Rachel Malbin
* Two Sigma hosted an event to welcome speakers and volunteers for PyData NYC. About 45 people from PyData NYC attended, along with ~20 Two Sigma employees, including the 15  who attended the conference,  Matt Greenwood who is on the NumFOCUS advisory council & me

### Mark Mikofski
* Serving as committee secretary

### Mariana Meireles
* Spent some time doing research on the grant ecosystem for funding internships
* General upkeep of NumFOCUS software ecosystem (Jupyter Widgets)

### Katrina Riehl (NumFOCUS board member)
* no updates

### Arliss Collins (NumFOCUS staff)
* The proposed dates are Sep 9-10 in Amsterdam.  Venue to be confirmed.
* This event will precede the NumFOCUS 2023 Project Summit, proposed for Sep 11-13 at a venue TBD in Amsterdam closely followed by PyData Amsterdam.

Meeting adjourned at 18:59 UTC.
