# December 2024 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2024-12-12 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Kamila Stepniowska, Anita Ihuman, Emma Saroyan |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | -- |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. [Melissa] Approve minutes from prior meeting
    - September TBA (preliminary notes in drive)
    - October TBA
    - November TBA

## Discussions

- General announcements
  - CoC working group: Old numfocus board of directors has accepted the new coc working group. Members need to confirm, this is pending. Hopefully next week this will be published and announced.
    - Jan training for wg members, Feb training for projects
  - Melissa to organize attendance numbers and will post to slack channel.

- Unconference:
  - Logistics are happening, most attendees have scheduled flights
  - Some pending requests for visa letters, itineraries and financial aid requests
  - Venue: IBM is not responding. We are also trying with Google and might try Microsoft as they both have offices in Brazil.
  - Sloan grant money should be spent before Dec 31, and to spend that on tickets we need visas for everyone. Should confirm venue first to have a point of contact and confirm hotels and addresses for everyone.
  - Budget: NumFOCUS will cover what they can, but we need at least 15k extra at this point, and a free venue.
    - We have to update the website to include more details and a call for sponsorship (coordinate with Kweyakie on social media presence)
    - Reach out to companies such as ibm, google, microsoft, thoughtworks, maybe even anaconda etc?
    - Kamila to start working on a sponsorship plan next week
  - Role of the committee during the conference:
    - There is a report from last year
    - Committee is in charge of the vision, program for the unconference. In practice, the committee organizes working sessions before the event to discuss potential projects and understand how the group plans to work on these projects. During the event, the commitee will participate in the development of the projects and guide participation if needed.
    - Projects from last year: https://numfocus.github.io/disc-unconference-2023-projects/en/intro.html
    - Video from last year: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_aHiaPDcOYpmUFoRtGF2ZuaWp7EAK2RJ/view
  - A new member of the NumFOCUS staff can help with moderating the virtual path (Kari Hall)
  - NumFOCUS marketing director can also help with promotion for the Unconference and its projects

## Committee Reports for December 2024

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
- Maintenance tasks on NumPy, SciPy, napari
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Organization of translations for Scientific Python projects
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Emma Saroyan
- Spoke at an open-source conference, PGConf in NYC
- Took part in meetings with DISC Committee (Mentorship, Unconference)
- Co-organizing the NumHack Yerevan 2024
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Kamila Stepniowska
- Working on Unconefrence 2025 -  in particular fundraising, including Sloan grant (20k USD)
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Coordination of https://pydata.org/numhack/ - AI hackathon, created by - PyData Global Impact scholars 2023
- Working on the final text of NF CoC
- Participation in FLOSS monthly meeting
