# October 2024 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2024-10-17 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Kamila Stepniowska, Anita Ihuman, Emma Saroyan |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | -- |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. [Melissa] Approve minutes from prior meeting
    - August https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/35
      - RESOLVED Meeting minutes for August are approved 
      - APPROVED 3-0-2
    - September TBA (preliminary notes in drive: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1n8WcAX8-IZTuY9ITGruZELUWC-8pttvxaq6UoWdVA4g/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.dpprkmk9d47t)
      - Will vote next time

2. [Melissa] New secretary election
    - VOTE: The secretary role will be a rotating role, with one of the members present at each meeting volunteering to take notes. This person will also be responsible for moving the notes to GitHub before the next meeting.
    - APPROVED 3-0-2

## Discussions

- Unconference:
  - Call for participants is OPEN
  - Postponing a deadline to Oct. 31st
    - We have 21 candidates now
    - New timeline:
      - Application Deadline Oct 31
      - Extra DISC Committee meeting on Nov 4 to vote on participants
      - Participant Selection Notifications Nov 5
      - Participant acceptance deadline Nov 15
      - Last VISA application deadline Dec 10 2024
      - DISC Unconference March 14-16 2025
    - Plan B: Move unconference to April
    - Melissa will send a message to all DISC committee members confirming the timeline for voting.
  - IBM might be a sponsor and also provide the venue (still unconfirmed)

- General announcements:
  - (Kamila) DEI Handbook working group has started working on course materials. Working towards a first draft in January. 
  - (Kamila) Code of Conduct committee/working group: nominations from projects, nominations from PyData - lots of candidates. Board will vet candidates and are aiming to approve >5 members for the working group.
  - (Melissa) Suggestion: Add the DISC committee google group to the mailing list for communications by NumFOCUS
  - (Kamila) Emma and Anita are interested in getting training on CoC enforcement  
  - (Kamila) Ask Arliss to add Anita to the GitHub DISC repo

## Committee Reports for October 2024

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
- Maintenance tasks on NumPy, SciPy, napari
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Organization of translations for Scientific Python projects
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Emma Saroyan
- Spoke at an open-source conference, PGConf in NYC
- Took part in meetings with DISC Committee (Mentorship, Unconference)
- Co-organizing the NumHack Yerevan 2024
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Kamila Stepniowska
- Working on Unconefrence 2025 -  in particular fundraising, including Sloan grant (20k USD)
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Coordination of https://pydata.org/numhack/ - AI hackathon, created by - PyData Global Impact scholars 2023
- Working on the final text of NF CoC
- Participation in FLOSS monthly meeting
