# August 2024 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2024-06-13 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Kamila Stepniowska, Eloisa Elias Tran, Anita Ihuman, Kweyakie Blebo, Emma Saroyan, Rashid Mvk |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | Rashid |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. [Melissa] Approve minutes from prior meeting
    - May https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/32
    - June https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/34
    - We will vote on these asynchronously to give folks time to approve the PRs.
2. [Melissa] Transparency - open meetings
    - RESOLVED, The DISC Committee will report every two months with a summary of the work done by its members to the NumFOCUS Newsletter, to be shared with the NumFOCUS Community.
    APPROVED, 6-0-0

## Discussions

- Projects selection
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/15-k4q-IQnXChOxIRGlKf-4JpCr-icmOEkqj3Oee1AVc/edit?usp=sharing 
    - https://numfocus.github.io/disc-unconference-2023-projects/en/intro.html
    - https://numfocus.medium.com/inclusion-step-by-step-179b55d724cd
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AYgoo2Qh912Qg7Vin6akh21MwsVSwXf_2OCMulw7MJU/edit?usp=sharing
    - [Rashid] ring and uplift communities from rural parts of the world in the areas of scientific computing.
    - As mentioned before, you can also propose a new project.
    - We talked about having different social media communication outlets (maybe a DISC Committee LinkedIn page, and/or a permanent section in the NumFOCUS Newsletter?
    - This could also be used for the regular reporting system mentioned in item (2) of the new resolutions above.

## Committee Reports for July-August 2024

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
- Maintenance tasks on NumPy, SciPy, napari
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Organization of translations for Scientific Python projects

### Emma Saroyan
- May 2024 - attended PyCon US and met with the representatives of NumFOCUS
- June 2024 - visited SF and had a lunch with Kamilia 
- Joined PyData group on Slack and connected with Jim to discuss the organization of the next PyData Armenia

### Kamila Stepniowska
- Working on Unconefrence 2025 -  in particular fundraising, including Sloan grant (20k USD)
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Coordination of https://pydata.org/numhack/ - AI hackathon, created by - PyData Global Impact scholars 2023
- Working on the final text of NF CoC
- Participation in FLOSS monthly meeting
