# September 2024 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2024-09-12 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Kamila Stepniowska, Eloisa Elias Tran, Kweyakie Blebo, Emma Saroyan |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | -- |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. [Melissa] Approve minutes from prior meeting
    - June approved on GitHub: https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/blob/main/committee/public-meeting-minutes/2024-06-13-monthly-meeting.md
    - August https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pull/35

## Discussions

- General announcements
  - Rashid has stepped down so we need a new secretary.
- New secretary election
  - If you want to be a volunteer, let us know and we‚Äôll vote on it asynchronously
  - We can consider a rotation, but the secretary role is encoded in our charter, so it would need to be approved by the board.
  - Let‚Äôs take a look until next meeting at the wording for the secretary role and we can vote then.
- The new NumFocus CoC
  - Board has voted and approved the new CoC a couple of days ago
  - In practice, the text will be public by the beginning of next week
  - NF CoC working group will be elected, and anyone can apply for the group. Board of directors will vote on the participants, and next time the committee will decide on new members.
  - By the end of this year the CoC WG should be established.
  - The new CoC will be opt-in for existing projects, new projects will need to opt-out if they don‚Äôt want to use it.
- Project Summit 2024 - Summary
  - https://www.nfsummit24.com/
- Unconference
  - New dates: March 2025
  - IBM may be able to host us in their office in S√£o Paulo
  - Logan has connections at google and might help us get some support as well
  - Budget:
    - 35k fundraised, total needed is 70k
    - Catering, location, travel
    - Sloan foundation approved our grant for ~25k, will release the money in ~3 weeks and can cover travel expenses for participants
  - Website: Kamila will work on a package for sponsors and options for showing logo on page etc

  - PROPOSAL Merge the Unconference website as is https://github.com/numfocus/disc-unconference-2025/pull/2 
    APPROVED 3-0-2


## Committee Reports for September 2024

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
- Maintenance tasks on NumPy, SciPy, napari
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Organization of translations for Scientific Python projects
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Emma Saroyan
- May 2024 - attended PyCon US and met with the representatives of NumFOCUS
- June 2024 - visited SF and had a lunch with Kamilia 
- Joined PyData group on Slack and connected with Jim to discuss the organization of the next PyData Armenia

### Kamila Stepniowska
- Working on Unconefrence 2025 -  in particular fundraising, including Sloan grant (20k USD)
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Coordination of https://pydata.org/numhack/ - AI hackathon, created by - PyData Global Impact scholars 2023
- Working on the final text of NF CoC
- Participation in FLOSS monthly meeting
