# July 2025 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2025-07-30 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Anna e s√≥, Anita Ihuman, Emma Saroyan, Kamila Stepniowska, Kweyakie Blebo, Melissa Mendon√ßa, Brayan Kai Mwanyumba, Naa Ashiorkor Nortey |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | Anna |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## Actions

- [ ] [Kamila] Moving notes to the DISC 2025 agenda  
- [ ] [Kamila] Making sure that the next notes will be automatically created there  
- [ ] DISC Report:   
      - [ ] Create the next report by August 15th - Just before the new NF Director coming onboard  
      - [ ] The next report on December 15th  
- [ ] [Melissa, Anna] Go through all necessary secretary procedures  
- [ ] [Anna, Arliss] Make sure Anna has access to all systems

## Deliberations

* **PROPOSITION 1:** [Melissa] Create and submit the next report for the DISC Committee, concerning the period of February 2025 until July 2025, in a format yet to be discussed, by August 15th.  
  * **RESULTS:** APPROVED: 6-0-0  
* **PROPOSITION 2:** [Kamila] As of the current meeting Anna e s√≥ is becoming the new DISC Committee Secretary.  
  * **RESULTS:** APPROVED: 5-0-1

## Discussions

* **DISCUSSION 1:** Changing the frequency of reports of activities to NumFOCUS. It‚Äôs currently set by the charter at four times a year (every quarter ‚Äî on or before the 15th of March, June, September, and December).  
  * **ISSUES:**  
    * **Immediate:** Our March and June reports are late as of July 30, 2025. Changes in leadership at NumFOCUS are now taking place (e.g. new executive director will be onboarded in August).  
    * **Lingering:** There‚Äôs no established format for the quarterly reports. Past and current members have experimented with different formats to varying degrees of success. Additionally, members of the DISC Committee haven't received feedback from the board on previous quarterly reports.  
  * **FUTURE DISCUSSIONS & POTENTIAL PROPOSITIONS:**  
    * [Melissa] Proposition to establish a new format of the reports, including monthly, internal DISC and DEIA activities, in the meeting notes.  
    * [Anna] Proposition of a new report format with the following sections:  
      * (1) Highlights  
      * (2) Description of activities  
      * (3) Challenges faced  
      * (4) Lessons learned  
      * (5) Upcoming activities.  
      * Example: [One of Anna‚Äôs public reports](https://notapplicable.dev/outreachy-report-april-2025/%20).  
    * [Melissa, Kamila] Proposition to vote on the frequency of the reports. Proposition of the charter modification to stick with one report yearly, at the end or at the beginning of a year.  
    * [Kweyakie, supported by other members\] Proposition to submit reports twice a year (bi-annual).

* **DISCUSSION 2:** Elect a new secretary for the DISC committee.  
  * **CANDIDATES:** Anna e s√≥.  
  * **QUESTIONS ASKED:**  
    * [Anna] What's the main purpose of publishing our meeting notes?  
      * **ANSWER**: Give visibility to the decisions of the DISC Committee (i.e. this is a process in the domain of governance, it's an accountability process).  
    * [Anna] What's the procedure for publishing meeting notes that may contain confidential or sensitive information?  
      * **ANSWER**: That type of information isn't usually within the scope of discussions at the DISC Committee (as opposed to, for example, discussions held by the Code of Conduct Working Group).

* **CLOSING DISCUSSION:** What will be the next big topics to discuss and deliberate?  
  * **IMMEDIATE:**  
    * Onboarding the new executive director;  
    * Charter changes and report of activities;  
    * Ongoing Google Summer of Code internships (e.g. support for mentors and interns ‚Äî one of the projects will offer localization support for the DISCOVER Cookbook and that requires the preparation of the chosen localization platform, Transifex).  
  * **LONG-TERM:**  
    * DISC Unconference 2027.

Meeting adjourned at 1:55PM BRT.
