# August 2025 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2025-08-14 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Anna e s√≥, Anita Ihuman, Kamila Stepniowska, Melissa Mendon√ßa, Naa Ashiorkor Nortey |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary |  Anna e s√≥ |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## Actions

- [ ] [Melissa] Create a draft for change proposals in our charter

## Deliberations

No deliberations were made in this meetting.

## Discussions

**PRELIMINARY DISCUSSION:** Today we have a quorum of 4! We may discuss agenda items and deliberate on propositions.

**DISCUSSION 1:** Voting meeting notes for previous meetings
- PRs for meeting notes: https://github.com/numfocus/DISC-committee/pulls?q=sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Apr+is%3Aopen
- New committee members should check if they have write access to the DISC Committee GitHub repository.
- All committee members should review meeting notes.


**DISCUSSION 2:** DISC Committee report
- Melissa would like to share a draft of the DISC Committee report either today or tomorrow.
- New executive director will be onboarded next Monday (Aug 18), so doing this will still be timely.
- Melissa will follow Anna‚Äôs report format (i.e. https://notapplicable.dev/outreachy-report-april-2025/).

**DISCUSSION 3:** Meeting schedule
- We usually meet monthly, with some exceptions (e.g. DISC Unconference). Kamila would like to propose a specific time and day for us to meet, taking into consideration everyone‚Äôs availability and timezones.
- Kamila‚Äôs proposition: Keeping it on Thursdays, third Thursday of the month, suggesting a poll to define the best time for all of us.
- Melissa would like to maximize the quorum for every meeting, possibly having a co-chair. Proposes moving that discussion to Slack.

**DISCUSSION 4:** Contributions from folks who weren‚Äôt accepted to the committee ‚Äî how can we integrate them?
- We received many incredible nominations for the DISC Committee, and we would love to have those who weren‚Äôt elected onboard in some capacity.
- Melissa proposes having an open channel, having working groups for specific DISC projects (e.g. one for the Cookbook, one for the Unconference).
- Kamila‚Äôs considerations:
  - Cookbook: Kamila mentioned having editorial meetings for the Cookbook frequently (next meeting being next Friday).	
  - DISC Unconference questions: Where to host it? We‚Äôd like to have it in the African continent this time around. Questions about visas, safety, air travel, etc. Start looking for partners, grant funding, sponsors. Promotion of DISC Unconference.
  - Social media: We currently don‚Äôt have a strategy for social media and general promotion of DISC Committee activities and projects.
- Anna‚Äôs considerations ‚Äî there are a couple of things we have to consider:
  - Do you have a mental model of how much trust we have to have in contributors for each activity listed above? e.g. DISCOVER Cookbook may have more granular paths to contribution and a more natural way to develop that trust as it has more direct review mechanisms and their contributions may become more complex in nature the more involved they are with the project.
  - Which areas have a path for folks to be mentored by DISC Committee members and gain more independence as they learn new skills or develop existing skills?
  - How can we formalize that collaboration (let's say in terms of titles and institutional support) to give them the recognition they deserve as contributors and the legitimacy to represent us in some capacity (e.g. finding potential partners)?
- Anita‚Äôs considerations:
  - Highlighted how important it was to have Kamila‚Äôs support coming in as a Cookbook contributor.
  - We need to guide new contributors so they can understand DISC project needs and envision a clear contribution path.
  - We need to connect contributors to key project members so contributions are more effective and meaningful.
- Melissa proposes formalizing our decisions about this kind of contribution and collaboration on our charter.
- **First step:** Create a Google Doc that copies the current charter and creates a new section for this type of activity.
- **Second step:** Collaboratively edit the charter.

Meeting adjourned at 14:15 BRT.
