# January, 2025 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| ðŸ“… - Date |2025-01-09 |
| ðŸ™‹ðŸ½â€â™€ï¸ - Attendees | Anita Ihuman, Emma Saroyan, Kamila Stepniowska, Kweyakie Blebo   |
| ðŸ’¬ - Chair in-session | -  |
| ðŸ“ - Secretary | Kamila Stepniowska  |
| âœ… - Minutes approval date |   |

A regular meeting of the DISC Committee was held over Group Conference Call via Zoom and Internet Relay Slack beginning at 5:00 PM UTC, on January 9, 2025. Kamila Stepniowska took notes/minutes.

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Yâ€šopposed-Nâ€šabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business
1. Introduction - everyone types their name into Slack.
2. General Announcements
   * Kweyakie: social media strategy for DISC (discussed as a discussion item)
4. Approve minutes from prior meeting
   * Emma accidentally approved the December meeting notes 
4. New Resolutions for discussion
   * No

## Discussions
* Cookbook maintenance processâ€¨:
  * Kamila:
    * Provided an overview of the situation: We donâ€™t have a maintenance processâ€¨ at this point
    * We want contributors to contribute to the Cookbook
    * As it is for now, seeing two options: maintenance by NumFOCUS, maintenance from DISC Committee; We can have this positions added to the Charter
  * Anita: One or two people who will manage the Cookbook from DISC Committee
  * Kweyakie: I agree, at least 2 people; it make sense that DISC will maintain that
  * Emma: I agree that we should do it, but needs more details
  * Anita,Kweyakie: Letâ€™s vote when we will have a full house
* TO DO [Kamila] ask admin to provide Slack access for the Committee members to all open channels (member access)
* Unconference Program: 
  * DISC Committee working on the Program
  * Plan Preparations calls in Februaryâ€¨
  * Work on the Agenda
  * TO DO [Kamila] schedule dedicated call to work on the Agenda
  * Communication with the participants:
    * Kari Hall (NumFOCUS staff member at Advocacy) will help with email communication with the participants
    * Adding Kari to the closed disc-committee Slack channel
  * Kweyakie,DISC Social Media:
    * Goals: Unconference fundraising, DISC communication
    * Document: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1s4DnU1GidtRMxQCeq7uMz89q5PwrChGQ
* Filling the Committee report in the meeting 
  * Please write your DEI related projects that you worked on in 2024; DISC related, and outside
  * Deadline: in 2 weeks 
* Black History Month, question form NumFOCUS Marketing - brainstorming on how to celebrate diversity months.
  * Emma: interview + social media campaign
  * Anita: Individuals, social media recognition -> video, spotlight
  * Kamila: Anita, if I can contact with Kelby; I will also contact Kweyakie about that (internet connection issues)

## Committee reports for time-period

Meeting adjourned at 6:00 PM UTC, after an hour.
