# February 2025 - DISC Committee Meeting agenda

## Details

| <!-- -->    | <!-- -->    |
|-----------|---|
| üìÖ - Date | 2025-02-13 |
| üôãüèΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è - Attendees | Melissa Mendon√ßa, Kamila Stepniowska, Eloisa Elias, Andy Terrel, Arliss Collins, Anita Ihuman, Emma Saroyan |
| üí¨ - Chair in-session | Melissa Mendon√ßa |
| üìù - Secretary | -- |
| ‚úÖ - Minutes approval date |   |

All votes are reported in the form **Y-N-A** (*in favor-Y‚Äöopposed-N‚Äöabstentions-A*; e.g. "5-1-2" means "5 in favour, 1 opposed, and 2 abstentions").

## New business

1. Approve minutes from prior meeting
    - TBD next meeting
2. New resolutions for discussion

  - RESOLVED that the DISC Committee will govern the DISCOVER Cookbook content and repo, and that Andy Terrel will lead maintenance for that project moving forward. We will also publish previous versions of the Cookbook as they were.
    - APPROVED 5-0-0

## Discussions

- DISC Unconference March 14-16 2025
- General announcements
  - Arliss is listening and getting up to speed on Unconference details
  - Andy is interested in the Cookbook project
  - Discussions around Cookbook governance
    - Google Summer of Code project for the Cookbook?
    - We discussed a potential translations project, and the need for mentors for that project.
    - We also talked about recruiting 2 more members to the DISC Committee.
    - GSoC: timeline
      - Ideas until March 
    - GSoD: timeline
      - Feb 22
    - Andy proposed publishing versions of the cookbook, with the new one 
    - We will follow-up next meeting with the discussion about adding 2 new members to the committee.

## Committee Reports for February 2025

### Melissa Weber Mendon√ßa
- Maintenance tasks on NumPy, SciPy, napari
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Organization of translations for Scientific Python projects
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Emma Saroyan
- Spoke at an open-source conference, PGConf in NYC and PGConf in Athens
- Took part in meetings with DISC Committee (Mentorship, Unconference)
- Co-organizing the NumHack Yerevan 2024
- Co-organizing the DISC Unconference 2025

### Kamila Stepniowska
- Working on Unconference 2025 -  in particular fundraising, including Sloan grant (20k USD)
- Organization of DISC Committee
- Coordination of https://pydata.org/numhack/ - AI hackathon, created by PyData Global Impact scholars 2023
- Working on the final text of NF CoC
- Participation in FLOSS monthly meeting
